hello and welcome to the new video of
I still have to see you as you can
such a bit wet hair
That's because I wanted to show
as I always do my hair without
heat without heat to make
I say so I just need it
just two products are both
from barea and very very cheap and me
pay we start right away
I always start with it when I am
moist hair hair and I confess
first with the baroque power spray
that smells very good and that speaks
now just everywhere here in length
in and just there where I am
would have run more intensively and then
I just start that way from below
to knead so I'm doing this
move so a bit always kneading
something like that
now I take off the chat
Tempting must shake it there
really very very little so half
maybe about as much as that
I just distributed it again
in the entire faucet and there you shall
do not take too much it is if yours
hair sticky
then you get this i go then
also because I'm up here then
usually no lure is then like that
a bit we already recognize here
you can get there very fast
Get out of here I have to stop that way
long knead my hair really
are almost dry
as I said I have this only now
turned
Of course it will not be so nice
like but the other lure is with me
just the problem that up here with me
no curls and then you can
I also do what I want
but we can recognize yes you get
because only the school lure now recognize
You can get it that way too
just a few little flakes
I'll do that on the other side too
page
yes I hope you liked the video
i could help you a bit and
I would be very happy if you
now would click here and would
subscribe to my channel
I would be very happy about it
if you both stayed it would come
still some mister tutorial that is how
I do how I make my hair with
the fourth smooth or how do I with
the curling iron so really small
How do I do that?
curling irons and so on and on
of course other videos would be so
I say I would be really happy
when we next to us in our next
see video again
and then I saw the end and up
to the next video